add zstd compression type (#112)
logstash-plugins/logstash-integration-kafka: docs/output-kafka.asciidoc

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-compression_type"]
===== `compression_type` 

>   * Value can be any of: `none`, `gzip`, `snappy`, `lz4`, `zstd``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Value can be any of: `none`, `gzip`, `snappy`, `lz4`, `zstd`
```
Nit: Extra backtick

  * Default value is `"none"`

The compression type for all data generated by the producer.

> The default is none (i.e. no compression). Valid values are none, gzip, snappy, lz4 or zstd.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The default is none (meaning no compression). Valid values are none, gzip, snappy, lz4, or zstd.
```
